The oil didn't arrive in 10B straight away. Maybe it took a couple of days or something.
And the morning it arrived in 10B, we walked down to the seafront and just looked at these crowds of people
all ages, everybody was there. And people were crying, that was the main thing.
You could see people had tears rolling down their faces, old men, teenagers, children.
Everyone was just so horrified and grieving. They were shocked and it was horrible.
I've never experienced grief at that scale. Just feeling that grief and feeling the natural response to grief
which is to gather up and talk with people and comfort each other.
So in the same way as if somebody had died, it felt like a natural thing to want to be together.
And not just together in our houses, but together by the sea because it felt that there were all these animals
that had died, millions of things, big and small, and birds and shells.
It was very strong, that feeling that there had been a massive death of creatures.
And obviously for us humans, the consequences of that, that we understood or didn't understand or knew about or didn't know about,
but we could feel the impact.
And so I went home and took my... it was before computers, before we had computers in our own homes,
before we had mobile phones. So I just took my diary and my phone book and just ran every single number that was on there
and told people if they wanted to meet up on Castle Hill. Maybe a couple of nights from then.
I was in the fun all day. And then people saying, I can come but I'll light a candle or I'll light a fire in the garden.
And so it happened here. And we're just looking at the sea. Yeah, it was quiet and it was quite sombre.
And it's like you could feel something quite powerful really.